_home_subpages/documentation.md, before:

---
title: Documentation
layout: home
project: BeakerX
order: 3
---

### Tutorials and Examples

Most of the documentation consists of
[notebooks](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/twosigma/beakerx/blob/master/doc/StartHere.ipynb)
that show BeakerX's kernels and widgets in action.

### Installation with Conda

We recommend [conda](https://www.anaconda.com/download/) to install
Jupyter and BeakerX, and to manage your Python environments.  BeakerX
works with Python 3.5 and above.

```
conda create -y -n beakerx python=3.5
source activate beakerx
conda install -y jupyter openjdk pandas
conda install -y -c conda-forge ipywidgets
conda install -y -c conda-forge widgetsnbextension
conda install -y -c conda-forge beakerx
```

### Installation with Pip

You can also install BeakerX with [pip](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pip).

```
pip install beakerx
beakerx-install
```

### Running with Docker

Docker is the most reliable way get run Jupyter and BeakerX since it's completely self contained.

```
docker run -p 8888:8888 beakerx/beakerx
```

### Beaker Notebooks Converter

You can convert classic Beaker Notebook files (with file suffix
".bkr") to Jupyter Notebooks (with file suffix ".ipynb") as follows:

```
python -m beakerx.bkr2ipynb *.bkr
```

### Building and Contributing

We welcome developers to extend and improve BeakerX in ways that can
benefit everyone.  Please see the
[README](https://github.com/twosigma/beakerx) for more information.

Commit message:

add links to jupyter, our conda forge pkg

_home_subpages/documentation.md, after:

---
title: Documentation
layout: home
project: BeakerX
order: 3
---

### Tutorials and Examples

Most of the documentation consists of
[notebooks](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/twosigma/beakerx/blob/master/doc/StartHere.ipynb)
that show BeakerX's kernels and widgets in action.

### Installation with Conda

We recommend [conda](https://www.anaconda.com/download/) to install
Jupyter and BeakerX, and to manage your Python environments.  BeakerX
works with Python 3.5 and above.  Conda forge hosts the [lastest
version](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/beakerx).

```
conda create -y -n beakerx python=3.5
source activate beakerx
conda install -y jupyter openjdk pandas
conda install -y -c conda-forge ipywidgets
conda install -y -c conda-forge widgetsnbextension
conda install -y -c conda-forge beakerx
```

### Installation with Pip

You can also install BeakerX with [pip](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pip).

```
pip install beakerx
beakerx-install
```

### Running with Docker

Docker is the most reliable way get run Jupyter and BeakerX since it's completely self contained.

```
docker run -p 8888:8888 beakerx/beakerx
```

### Beaker Notebooks Converter

You can convert classic Beaker Notebook files (with file suffix
".bkr") to Jupyter Notebooks (with file suffix ".ipynb") as follows:

```
python -m beakerx.bkr2ipynb *.bkr
```

### Building and Contributing

We welcome developers to extend and improve BeakerX in ways that can
benefit everyone.  Please see the
[README](https://github.com/twosigma/beakerx) for more information.
