_home_subpages/index.md, before:

---
title: Overview
layout: home
project: beakerX
order: 1
---

## Block with<br>image on left

![image title](/static/img/stats-4.png)

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, vel in [Inline link](https://www.twosigma.com), probo latine diceret et mel. An quo minim ponderum posidonium. **bold** vis cu, *italic* vim cu delenit inermis voluptaria.

***

## Block with image on right<br>(and bottom)

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, vel in mundi diceret intellegebat, probo latine diceret et mel. An quo minim ponderum posidonium. Recusabo hendrerit vis cu, vim cu delenit inermis voluptaria.

![image title](/static/img/stats-3.png)

***
## Youtube video

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/FYslrc1-NGE" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, vel in mundi diceret intellegebat, probo latine diceret et mel. An quo minim ponderum posidonium. Recusabo hendrerit vis cu, vim cu delenit inermis voluptaria.

***

## Full width blocks
{:.full-width}

![image title](/static/img/stats-3.png)

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, vel in mundi diceret intellegebat, probo latine diceret et mel. An quo minim ponderum posidonium. Recusabo hendrerit vis cu, vim cu delenit inermis voluptaria.

***

## Blocks with<br>no bar separators
{:.no-bars}

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, vel in mundi diceret intellegebat, probo latine diceret et mel. An quo minim ponderum posidonium. Recusabo hendrerit vis cu, vim cu delenit inermis voluptaria.

![image title](/static/img/stats-3.png)

***

## Single block<br>and title
{:.single-block}

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, vel in mundi diceret intellegebat, probo latine diceret et mel. An quo minim ponderum posidonium. Recusabo hendrerit vis cu, vim cu delenit inermis voluptaria.

Commit message:

first body section on interactive plotting

_home_subpages/index.md, after:

---
title: Overview
layout: home
project: beakerX
order: 1
---

## Interactive Plotting

![image title](/static/img/time-series.png)

All of BeakerX's JVM languages plus Python and JavaScript have APIs
for interactive time-series, scatter plots, histograms, heatmaps, and
treemaps.  The widgets remain interactive in both notebooks saved to
disk, and notebooks published to the web.  They include unique
features for handling many points, nanosecond resolution, zooming, and
exporting.

***

## Block with image on right<br>(and bottom)

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, vel in mundi diceret intellegebat, probo latine diceret et mel. An quo minim ponderum posidonium. Recusabo hendrerit vis cu, vim cu delenit inermis voluptaria.

![image title](/static/img/stats-3.png)

***
## Youtube video

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/FYslrc1-NGE" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, vel in mundi diceret intellegebat, probo latine diceret et mel. An quo minim ponderum posidonium. Recusabo hendrerit vis cu, vim cu delenit inermis voluptaria.

***

## Full width blocks
{:.full-width}

![image title](/static/img/stats-3.png)

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, vel in mundi diceret intellegebat, probo latine diceret et mel. An quo minim ponderum posidonium. Recusabo hendrerit vis cu, vim cu delenit inermis voluptaria.

***

## Blocks with<br>no bar separators
{:.no-bars}

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, vel in mundi diceret intellegebat, probo latine diceret et mel. An quo minim ponderum posidonium. Recusabo hendrerit vis cu, vim cu delenit inermis voluptaria.

![image title](/static/img/stats-3.png)

***

## Single block<br>and title
{:.single-block}

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, vel in mundi diceret intellegebat, probo latine diceret et mel. An quo minim ponderum posidonium. Recusabo hendrerit vis cu, vim cu delenit inermis voluptaria.
